General AI News
Google's AI Overview responds to single-word verb queries such as 'dis' - The pattern appeared in multiple X posts and a TechCrunch report.
Trump indicates he will postpone an executive order on AI after determining cert - U.S. AI lead already produces measurable economic gains and job growth.
Charts show sharp post-ChatGPT rises in creative and scientific output with week - Federal pro se litigants rose to 17 percent of filings.
Microsoft ends internal use of Anthropic's Claude coding tool after token-b - Uber CTO reports exhausting full 2026 AI budget in four months.

Open Source Creative AI Tools
New AI Voice-Cloning Tools Have Potential to Spread - New AI Voice Cloning Tools Have Potential to Spread Misinformation on Social Media.
10 AI Voice Cloning Free Tools to Instantly Clone Any Voice - OpenVoice AI is an open-source voice cloning tool that performs versatile instant voice cloning.
The Best AI Tools For Voice Cloning in 2026 - AI voice cloning tools work by utilizing a combination of advanced machine learning techniques.
AI Voice Cloning Made Simple: How to Perfectly Replicate Your - Open-source tools and models for voice-cloning and lip-syncing AI provide accessible solutions.
Voice cloning by AIVoiceGen - AI Tool For Voice cloning - AI Voice Generator is a powerful text-to-speech and voice cloning platform for realistic voice generation.
Synthesia: #1 AI Video Platform for Business - AI Avatars Personal Avatars 1000+. More than just an AI Video Generator.
Best Open Source AI Video Generators 2026 - Open source AI Video Generators can be filtered by OS, license, language, programming language, and project status.
Invideo: AI video platform for serious creatives - Access to 200+ image, video, audio, music models including veo 3.1, Sora 2 pro, Kling 3.0.

New LLM Models
Deep Dive into LLMs like ChatGPT - General audience deep dive into the Large Language Model AI technology that powers ChatGPT.
LLM Leaderboard 2026: Compare 300+ Top AI Models by Intelligence - The LLM Leaderboard — independent ranking of GPT, Claude, Gemini, Llama, DeepSeek and 300+ AI models.
Top 6 Chinese AI Models Like DeepSeek (LLMs) in 2026 - Chinese LLM models: DeepSeek-V3, Qwen3-Max (Alibaba's flagship AI model, general availability September 2025).
llama-3.1-nemotron-70b-instruct Model by NVIDIA - Llama-3.1-Nemotron-70B-Instruct is a large language model customized by NVIDIA to improve LLM response helpfulness.
Browse Ollama's library of models - A new collection of open translation models built on Gemma 3, supporting 55 languages. OpenCoder code LLM family with 1.5B and 8B models.

Open Source LLM Models
How to Choose the Best Open Source LLM for Your Project in 2025 - Choosing the right open source LLM is about finding the one that works for your specific use case.
Running an open-source LLM in 2025 - Open-source in the age of LLMs is critical for our future.
Best Open Source LLMs of 2025 — Klu - LM Studio is a desktop app to discover, download, and run local and open source Large Language Models on your laptop.
Open Source LLMs: Exploring 5 Popular Models - Experimenting with cutting-edge AI on your own computer is easier thanks to open-source large language models.
Best Open Source LLM - Overview of the best open-source LLMs in 2025, including capabilities, use cases, licensing, and performance.

New Cloud Models
OpenRouter raises $40 million to scale up multi-model inference for enterprise - OpenRouter announced a $40M funding round to scale up enterprise multi-model inference services.
Simon Willison on openrouter - GLM-5: From Vibe Coding to Agentic Engineering - a huge new MIT-licensed model: 744B parameters and 1.51TB on Hugging Face.
llm-openrouter 0.4 - OpenRouter makes features available to every supported model, using Exa to power search capabilities.
OpenRouter Models Ranked: 15 Best for Coding, Free & - With over 400+ models now available on OpenRouter, choosing the right one is more important than ever.
AI Models | NVIDIA Developer - Explore and deploy top AI models built by the community, accelerated by NVIDIA's AI inference platform.

